Add a note about Debian's dist-packages to Python-module.md (#8939)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/Python-module.md

It exposes the same methods as its parent class.

## A note about Debian installation paths

Debian and derivatives (Ubuntu, Linux Mint etc.) [change default installation

> and import paths][debian-dist-packages] in system interpreter. The problem is,

Reviewer: This needs an article. "the system interpreter"?  But I'm not sure what this means?  "the system Python interpreter"?

Author: Fixed.

the way they do this is inconsistent with documented ways of discovering those
paths inside Python. Specifically, the [`sysconfig` module][python-sysconfig]
returns values that are not in [`sys.path`][python-sys-path]. This module is

> used internally by Meson and therefore the installation paths . But it is

Reviewer: This sentence is confusing. "therefore in the installation paths"?  Or "therefore the installation paths are _something_"?

Author: Oops, this was misdrafted, the second part of the sentence was cut and pasted elsewhere. Sorry for this.

> generally expected that if you configure build with `--prefix=/usr` or

Reviewer: 'configure a build'

Author: Fixed.

`--prefix=/usr/local` (the latter is the default), Python modules should be
available without adjusting [`$PYTHONPATH`][python-pythonpath]. Therefore,

> a&nbsp;workaround is needed. There are two, non mutually exclusive options:

Reviewer: why `&nbsp;` here?
'non-mutually' should be hypenated. 
putting it in a postive form ("two solutions, which can be used in combination") might be clearer?

Reviewer 2: This is still not fixed, please fix the formatting.

### option to override

An option in `meson_options.txt` might allow overriding the value obtained from

> [][`get_install_dir()`], and the files are installed using `install_data()`.

Reviewer: Is this a missing a reference-link name?

Author: I don't understand. Do you mean get_install_dir()? It works, I copied the approach from elsewhere in this module.

Reviewer 2: https://hotdoc.github.io/syntax-extensions.html#referencing-a-symbol

> The label can be empty, in which case it will be set to the name of the symbol at format time

module][python-sysconfig] returns values that are not in
[`sys.path`][python-sys-path]. This module is used internally by Meson. But it
is generally expected that if you configure a&nbsp;build with `--prefix=/usr` or
`--prefix=/usr/local` (the latter is the default), Python modules should be
available without adjusting [`$PYTHONPATH`][python-pythonpath]. Therefore,
a&nbsp;workaround is needed. There are two options that can be used in
combination:

### option to override

An option in `meson_options.txt` might allow overriding the value obtained from
[][`get_install_dir()`], and the files are installed using `install_data()`.
This solution is very simple, but requires that all users on Debian and
derivatives supply said option when running `meson setup`, so it's perfect when
end users install the software from packages (and usually won't compile from
sources).

### a script to discover

A variant of a following script might be used to get the path (`platlib` in this
example):

```python
import distutils.command.install
import distutils.sysconfig
import distutils.util
import pathlib
import sys

def get_platlib(prefix):

>     is_debian = 'deb_system' in distutils.command.install.INSTALL_SCHEMES
> 
>     # this takes care of `/` at the end, though not `/usr/../usr/local`
>     is_usr_local = pathlib.PurePosixPath(prefix).as_posix() == '/usr/local'
> 
>     if is_debian and is_usr_local:
>         return distutils.util.subst_vars(
>             distutils.command.install.INSTALL_SCHEMES['unix_local']['platlib'],
>             {
>                 'platbase': '/usr',
>                 'py_version_short': '.'.join(map(str, sys.version_info[:2])),
>             })
> 
>     return distutils.sysconfig.get_python_lib(plat_specific=True, prefix=prefix)

Reviewer 3: `distutils` is deprecated in Python 3.10, I recommend avoiding this usage.

Since this solution is still tied to the Debian patching, I think it is almost as fragile as simply hardcoding the value, and adding a sanity check to make sure it is in `sys.path`.

So, I would do
```suggestion
    try:
        sysconfig.get_paths('deb_system')
    except KeyError:
        path = '/usr/local/lib/python{}.{}/dist-packages'.format(sys.version_info[0], sys.version_info[1])
        if path not in sys.path:
            raise KeyError('Expected Debian Python platlib `{}` not in sys.path! Please open an issue.')
        return platlib
    return sysconfig.get_path('platlib')
```

Reviewer 4: In master we already hard code the path for Debian derivatives. And we warn if it's not in sys.path. note that it will warn on Windows too. What remains to be done is to explain more in details the reason of that warning and how to avoid it by using an option to override the path.
